Terms of Use


Welcome to Nova-Voice-Bot! By using our website, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions. 

Please read these terms carefully before using our website.


Use of Our Website

You may use our website for lawful purposes only. You agree not to:

* Use our website in any way that violates any applicable laws or regulations

* Use our website to transmit or distribute any harmful code or software

* Use our website to impersonate any person or entity, or falsely represent your affiliation with any person or entity

* Use our website to harass, intimidate, or threaten any person

* Use our website to collect or store personal information about other users without their consent


Account Registration

To access certain features of our website, you may be required to create an account. When creating an account, you agree to provide accurate and complete information. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and for any activities that occur under your account. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account if we believe that you have violated these terms or our privacy policy.


Intellectual Property

All content and materials on our website, including but not limited to text, images, logos, and software, are the property of Nova-Voice-Bot or our licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. You may not use, reproduce, or distribute any content or materials from our website without our prior written consent.


Disclaimer of Warranties

Our website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of our website or the information, content, materials, or products included on our website. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.


Limitation of Liability

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Nova-Voice-Bot and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners, and licensors shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising from the use of our website or the inability to use our website, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, data, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) the use or inability to use our website, (ii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, or (iii) any other matter relating to our website.


Changes to These Terms

We may update these terms from time to time. We will notify you of any significant changes by posting a prominent notice on our website. Your continued use of our website after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new terms.


Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns about these terms, please contact us at steeveboukari9@gmail.com.
